a couple books I've been digging lately
this one right here also rocked the
shack very modern in its architecture a
beautiful book and new from Kevin Kelly
at KK org cool tools kind of like the
Whole Earth Catalog on crack and Derrick
Deidre person author of humble homes
simple shacks a DIY concept sheltered
tiny house cabin book Alton amazon.com
been snowed in the last few days because
of the polar vortex here in New England
and I'm not making any headway on my
cabins my builds as a result because
it's like zero degrees out but been
having some fun inside with some
recycled materials making some funky you
know color accent art pieces like the
one you're about to see right now
Hey
Mihal
stop
my toes
proud of you